# Programming-Methodologies

  Interpreting user requirements can be done by analyzing a product, and or potentially having a meeting with the client to discuss any possible features they would want in a new product, and or added to an existing one. Creating user stories can help with this because the user stories are usually a description of features that the client wants in the final product. The development team can analyze these user stories and try to implement them how the client potentially envisioned it.
	One can approach developing programs in many ways, a waterfall methodology is one, where the development steps might be rigid, but the process could be efficient. Another way is an Agile methodology, where the steps can be very flexible, and the product can be very client focused, but the development process might be inefficient at times. Overall, I think that different methodologies can work well for different applications.
	One of the first things that I think of when considering what it is to be a decent team member is communication. Communication is I think one of the most important things when considering a team's overall success, as a team that does not communicate well can potentially run into many issues in the future. Another thing that sometimes works in conjunction with communication is team transparency, both of these things can be improved upon as a result of frequent team meetings. Overall, a team the is transparent and communicates well has the potential to be successful.
[7-1 Final Project Submission SLIDESHOW Edit (1).pptx](https://github.com/NateBennett101/Programming-Methodologies/files/10832433/7-1.Final.Project.Submission.SLIDESHOW.Edit.1.pptx)
[7-1 Final Project Submission TEXT.docx](https://github.com/NateBennett101/Programming-Methodologies/files/10832434/7-1.Final.Project.Submission.TEXT.docx)
